what's up guys Harry here and welcome to
another episode of Harry's hybrids I've
brought three hybrids in three days so
if we can smash a hundred lights on this
episode it would be great this team I
felt is a really original hybrid it also
includes a player worth over 500k so I
hope you guys are looking forward to the
video in goal I've got a down a down is
a lot better than Casillas in my opinion
I'm just gonna put that out there I
cleared up a Casillas in this position
but I've already used Casillas and he
was dreadful hey Dan's got 71 diving 76
handling 64 kicking 75 reflexes 55 speed
and 72 positioning he stands 6 foot 3
and he was a really really solid goal
key but never let me down I'm like Iker
Casillas and you can think what you like
I much prefer this guy to the big man
Casillas himself he's only a 50th of the
price as well to keep that in mind
my first tenor Mac is Pepe Pepe he's
really really good a lot better than he
was last year 74 pace 84 defending an 82
heading he also stands 6 foot 2 which is
nice for a centre-back and for only 15k
for an 85 rate I played you can't really
go wrong
my necks alamak you would have seen is
how you take oh my god this guy's
amazing
age 3 pace 74 defending and 80 heading
cost' me 66 thousand coins there's a lot
of money for a silver centre-back but
standing six four three you can't get
much better than him I will be honest an
absolute beast and an absolute rock at
the back my left back is Safari Safari
is really really good this year 85 89
page sorry the rest of you stats aren't
that great because he's got such high
pace he can basically do the job
perfectly and left back I'm really
really good at catching up with the
winners that are playing against him my
right back is a guy called Christian
Laila
Len is a really really strong player 82
pace 73 defending and 70 heading really
enjoyed using him he's also six foot
tall which is really nice to see on a
write back and plays really well and
since he's German it in that the Liga
BBVA I can see him being very useful for
hybrids in the future my first CDM here
is Papa Cooney Diop a really really fun
player to use really really strong
player he's got a 69 pace loora looral
74 shooting at 70 passing 63 dribbling
74 defending and 70 heading he stands
511 which isn't too tall and I would
have liked over six-foot for a CDM but
this guy is so strong I believe his
in-game strength is over
85 and he's an absolute Rock in the
central defensive mid-roll highly
recommend you going try them out only
cost me 500 coins for a rare silver
player that is a fantastic deal go and
try them out now my next CDM you would
have seen it but it is PR me this guy
cost a lot more even though he's two
ratings lower than co-op he cost 37
thousand points that's because he's in
the BPL he's all 79 page 63 shooting 72
passing 76 dribbling 72 defending and 75
heading some really well-rounded stats
for a silver player there he stands 6
foot 1 tool as well he's an absolute
monster him and Diop are just absolute
beast
in your CDM roll if I came up against
those two in a match I'd be worried
because it's so hard to get past them
and then if you somehow do manage to get
past them you face by Pepe and kyuta so
you can't really win when playing
against this team my first Center
attacking mid is a weird Ettie where
Debbie's is a underused player a
fantastic for making hybrids you could
probably guess who my strike is gonna be
from this player he's got 74 pace
73 shooting at 59 passing 69 dribbling
lalalalala
45 defending a 68 heading really good
players to use three-star skills
three-star weak foot 6 foot 1 he's
originally a striker but I'm playing
Center attacking mid and he does just
fine in that role my other Center
attacking mid is a Bharati this guy's
have absolute monster oh my God he's got
suddenly pace but it feels about 80 62
shooting it feels a lot more than that
67 or 76 passing sorry 77 tripling 67
defending and 56 heading he's also got
four-star skills in three-star weak foot
full stop skills on a Sewell player cost
me 30,000 coins that's a lot of money
but he's a great player stands 5 foot
tall absolute midget but a great player
to use and you'll see some fantastic
goals like skilled with him at the end
let's show off how good his dribbling is
my centre forward is borrowed le
Balotelli's so good this year
absolutely love him I used him in my
squad builder two days ago and I said
how much of a beast player he was he's
been an absolute beast for this team as
well he actually scored a lot more than
my striker who you'll see coming up in a
sec but into 84 pace 82 shooting 69
passing 84 dribbling 50 defending and 73
heading stands 6 foot 2 which is a great
height for a striker meaning he wins a
lot of balls in the air four-star skills
full star week 4 and 4 only 25,000
points an absolute steal and my final
player is
this guy is so good he's so good he cost
a lot of money he cost me five hundred
and sixty six thousand coins that is a
lot of money for a player he's got four
star skills five star weak foot stands
six foot five tool
he's got 70 ton pace it feels quite a
bit more than that because its strength
is actually the unbelievable 88 shooting
that is incredible
79 passing 87 dribbling and 78 heading
but it's a lot more than that because he
stands a whopping six foot five I'm
gonna be honest I didn't score that many
goal to this guy which it sounds pretty
ridiculous cuz it's got 88 shooting but
I just love skilling with him he's like
skilling with him is so easy because you
just roll off all the other players I
was playing against I'm salad another
youtuber yesterday and he was just
commenting on how easily I was getting
past the defense with ibrahimovic and
then usually what would happen is I
passed it off to Balotelli who had
finished off the gold but he's a really
really good player by really really
enjoyed using that's it for this episode
I hope you guys have enjoyed I'm now
gonna leave you a few goals
it's called quite a few nice goals with
this team so hope you guys have fought
to that and that's it from me I will see
you guys next time
I've tried to cut these corners easy way
then again a good
I try to run this way
take it in but don't down